give us a Coventry but just we just
shots of a turning out we're all what do
you record it
what drinking their drug these doors not
be that secure oh shit so we've now got
your space with it were the roof rates
gonna get stuck under the overhang so
we're rinku's have to go ahead and scope
out the height so we can get through
with a van
it's a narrows piece of road and
beantown drop the river is estimate it's
just completely will you reckon
absolutely maddest Road I've ever been
down in my life and oh my word
absolutely amazing
there's a waterfall dropping hundreds of
feet on the road just around the car
there okay
okay ready it's going to look good let's
go destroy the camera
I think you saw it
time for me to go inside at this stage
are you ready